option to set post status to draft on translation completed (WP-578) (#277)
Smartling/wordpress-localization-plugin: readme.txt

== Changelog ==
= 2.2.0 =

> * Added possibility to set assets to Draft status after completed translations are downloaded

Reviewer: Just want to make it more user-friendly
```
* Added more Publish options for delivering translated posts. Now you can choose what to do with fresh delivered translated post: just deliver and do nothing; always deliver as `Draft`; always deliver as `Published`
```

BTW, actually I don't understand the 1st option :). We probably should specify what exactly happens with post when you update content.

Reviewer 2: I think there are only 2 options: deliver as draft and deliver as publoshed.

Author: No, it is in fact, 3 options, no change, draft, publish. This setting only controls the resulting post status after completing translation. No change does no changes, draft sets post_status to draft, publish sets post_status to publish

== Changelog ==
= 2.2.0 =

> * Added more publish options for delivering translated posts. Now you can choose what post status to choose after delivering: don't change existing status; set to 'draft'; set to 'published'

Reviewer: Why do you use single quotes instead of backquote `. I especially used it to highlight words

Reviewer: Also, replace one more word
```suggestion
* Added more publish options for delivering translated posts. Now you can choose what post status to set after delivering: don't change existing status; set to `draft`; set to `published`
```
